okay this is aaron oscar and this is my
review of the kiss i broke watch from
tokyo flesh this is the box that came in
pretty nice box and already taking it
out but in there you've got the we've
got a USB charger for the watch because
it is USB rechargeable and you've got a
spare cap just in case you use yours
here is the actual watch virtually just
take it out so i still got the plastic
on there you see the wrong way it's got
the kiss i broke on the back of the
watch or resistant USB rechargeable
battery only now I've had the infection
watch for two years and this has got a
lot more weight to it compared to that
watch and then FS because it's got the
metal strap which I prefer and but the
weight of the way of the wash try to
feel a lot better it just feels like
you're really holding on something and
compared to the infection I hope their
future watches are like that and you've
got your USB charging port under there
you just unscrew that to access it and
then that button is to show you the time
and you've got this barn here to set
your time and if you look closely you
can actually see the outline of the of
the watch even when it's off which i
think is a nice touch and when you
actually press the button nice bright
LED display comes out a lot brighter
than the infection as well
I haven't set the time I said I've only
just opened it but at the moment is
saying it's 23 minutes past twelve and
this watch is a lot easier to read than
some of the other Tokyo flash watches
because they've still got the on the
outer rim you've got the twelve numbers
which represent no vowels from one to
twelve so it is quite seriously got 12 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 and then on the
middle ring is your five-minute
intervals around there and then you've
got your one-minute intervals going up
along the middle so the way you read the
time you've got 12 there 20 and all
fordham with one's a blinking so 1224
she's pretty sweet but and just in
comparison to a infection of the
brightness and I've got a different
strap on this because my dog ate my
sauce my medical bit different bar and
I'm an affection still pretty bright but
the LED display on the broke definitely
makes it pop a lot more and they
recommend you can also say it to anime
every 15 minutes between 6 and 12 p.m.
which is a nice touch but you know you
don't really I really want it going off
every 15 minutes and that's why i press
it myself and it takes three and a half
hours to fully recharge and and a full
charge lost last about 30 days erican so
it's pretty cool and I'll see charged up
on your laptop ps3 and but yeah I'm
really liking this I said I hope their
feature watches come with these metal
straps and have this way to it because
it is a lot better in my opinion oh yeah
that's it
two